So let's go back to pet.js.
And let's actually make this look kinda
nice since at the moment it's kinda black,
right?
So we're just gonna throw in Real
the Quick, it's a nice styling.
So, oops,
up here we're gonna pull out name,
animal, breed, images, location, ID,
And we're gonna make a hero image.
And say
let
hero=http://pet-images.dev-apis.com/pet/n-
one.jpg.
So it's like a placeholder.
All of them have images for now, so
you don't have to really worry about it.
So if there are any images that you've
inherited here from images then,
hero=images0.
So basically, here's my default image.
If there's any images that
comes back from the pet API,
then make that the hero image, okay?
You can just delete all of this.
We're gonna make an a tag, a href=,
we'll put some curly braces and
backticks there,
/details/$ template string here ID.
So we're gonna be using React Router here
in just a second to make a route that
anytime they go to this page they can
actually see like a full detail page on
whatever pet we're looking at.
And then we're gonna say ClassName=pet,
Okay?
Then div ClassName=image-container.
Put an image,
sources to assign to be hero,
alt=the name, Okay?
And then div ClassName=info,
I'll put the h1 with their name.
And h2 with,
I don't know why I did it that way,
you can do it this way, so animal.
Animal, Breed,
Location.
Is this gonna get weird with spacing?
No, it doesn't, that's nice.
Interesting, that's funny.
So, I put M dashes here
instead of just normal dashes.
Which on Mac you can do with option minus,
because it looks nicer in text.
And it's telling me is like, Hey,
you use an M dash instead of a minus,
is that what you meant to do?
It is, so leave me alone.
Okay, so
let me just make sure I did this right.
Yeah, you can see here
this looks a lot nicer.
Okay, Any questions
about what we did here?
This is an application of everything
that we've learned already,
nothing should be too new here for you.
>> Was there a greater meaning or
a goal between kinda splitting up all
the parameters from props to
what we have the name does now?
>> Is there a reason why I did like
a distraction appears are you trusting me?
>> Yeah I guess.
>> Instead of doing like props.name and
props.breed and,-
>> Yeah.
>> Stylistic choice.
Yeah, there's no reason other than like,
it's shorter to type.
I don't have to try prop
stop blah a billion times.
There's lots of people
that do it that way.
So that's totally up to you.
Yeah, question?
>> I was just gonna say, I don't know if
we ever mentioned that we were doing that,
I think we just jumped from
like to the normal pattern, so
that may have created
some confusion maybe.
>> Around what?
Sorry.
>> I think before we were writing perhaps
then all of a sudden we jumped right
to destructuring and
we never talked about it.
>> Okay.
>> Offensively confusion.
>> Yeah so I just did destruction
here with the props, right?
So this could have been props and
it could have said props.id, props.name,
props.animal, props.breed,
all that kinda stuff.
And that would have been fine as well.
I know lets people do it this that way,
but I like doing this.
>> Yeah, someone online is asking
if there's any performance
considerations if you're
doing any of the mapping or
template stuff before the return
instead of during the return.
>> Certainly performance concern
around with what mapping,
I'm confused about what
mapping means in that context.
>> The JSX templates you're using
like map and kinda like not in
this component but the other-
>> Like results here?
>> Yeah,
if you're looping over mapping and
building templates outside
of the return function.
>> So that I guess it's a valid question,
for sure.
Let me kind of spin it this way.
React is really fast and
like they have like a bunch of years and
a lot of highly paid engineers thinking
about this for a long time for a website
that makes billions of dollars, several
websites that make billions of dollars.
So, in other words, they have probably
higher performance sensitivities
than many of us at our day jobs,
certainly for me, right?
So, they've optimized the hell out of
this, so that lots of engineers can
write lots of code and not have to worry
too much about performance on the whole.
So in other words, for the most part,
you can write code however it occurs best
to you and React is typically fast enough
that you'll never have any
performance problems with it.
That's the general rule of thumb.
That's the way you should just
file it in your brain is like,
just write readable code.
And then if you run into
performance problems,
solve the specific performance
problems that you hit, right?
So if I went through here later, and
let's say I had a million pets in here,
maybe that might actually I'm
gonna say probably still wouldn't.
It depends on your browser.
I think you're gonna have browser problems
first before you hit react problems.
So, to specifically answer
that question here, no,
never this has a very acceptable
performance profile even for
large numbers of pets.
You can get into maybe there's some
sort of heavy duty lifting and
processing that you're doing in here,
in which case you'd probably wanna,
I don't know like he's a worker or
something that,
like there's some other things really
crazy tricks you could get into to try and
offload some of that processing and
get it off of the main thread.
Especially react 18 that's coming is
really good breaking rendering down
into little slow and fast renders.
So you can actually kinda
do some magic there.
Anyway, I'm kinda going in circles
now the the real answer to
the question is like it's not
gonna be a problem almost ever.
And when it becomes a problem solve
the problem that you have and
don't preemptively solve problems
because just in general life advice for
most of you now, Life versus Brian.
Don't solve problems before you have them,
like when you're coding, right?
In general you end up with
solving the wrong problem and
you end up with a worse solution
because you solved the wrong problems.
Okay questions.
>> Could you say very recently learned
that it's most important
to in job interviews?
[LAUGH] Like when you're trying
to solve the tech problem and
you're like it has to be perfectly
optimized and then you get to the end and
you don't finish and you could have
solved it did like ten minutes?
>> Yep.
I mean, as so I teach the complete
intro to computer science as well and
that's like one of the pieces of advice
versus like if someone gives you a tech
interview problem.
Just solve it the dumbest way possible,
right?
Like give them the three line answer.
I remember, his is probably
super off track now who cares?
[LAUGH] It was the Facebook interview and
they asked me to take in a letter and
a number, and
repeat that letter that many times, right?
So, an A and 40, give me back
a string with 40 A's on it, right?
I was like, cool,
I'm gonna use Pad Left, right?
And so with Pad Left,
you can give it a number and a letter and
it will pad beating with string with that
many times with that many letters and
you just give it an empty string.
I was like, I'm done and
I'm faster than whatever your solution
is cuz mine uses the browser.
They were not amused with my answer.
[LAUGH] So they made me go back and
actually really solve it.
But anyway, I don't know why that, it felt
important to tell that story right then.
We just finished 07 component composition.
The point of this lesson
is basically to show you.
Why I wanna show you using turn
areas with React Components.
That's important because you'll
see it in code quite a bit.
And two, I wanted to show you kinda
the background thread of processing,
when you're reading your components
of what you should be thinking.
Like, should I break this down into
a different component and then once you
decide to kinda the process of splitting
it out putting another file moving
everything over that you need to and then
reusing it back in the original component.
That's a very common thing that you're
gonna be doing a lot if you read
a lot of React.